So, the take-home assessment
is one that we've used in the past, I took it myself.
It mimics an individual experiment.
So, it mimics sending an offer to a certain group of individuals,
and also there's a control group involved.
There are a number of features that are
presented without a description of what those features are.
They're V_1 through V_7.
The idea is to first go through the data,
find what you have to work with there.
Then secondly, more importantly,
find if this offer had an incremental response.
So, incremental response is one of the things that we're always looking for,
not just how much of a spike did you see because you sent an offer.
We know advertising works,
but really how much differently did someone
behave because they received this offer than they would have anyway.
Identifying the incremental response above and
beyond what the background is always the goal.
The exciting part is the modeling,
and the exciting part is discovering that group of people who really love this offer,
who really go above and beyond what they would've done anyway, without the analysis,
without understanding the basics of the data,
and what it's trying to tell you first.
You don't have grounds for building that model.
The setup of the experiment is quite realistic.
The actual data, and the actual outcomes are simulated.
Common mistake for problems like this one is to jump right in and
assume that the data is telling you what the column names seem to tell you at face value.
If you saw a column said, 'price',
you might just assume that that is the cost of an item,
but you have to start digging in a little bit deeper and ask,
"Well, is that the cost that Starbucks paid?
Is that the cost that the customer paid?
Is that the cost of the customer actually paid after-tax?"
Digging in, and verifying that not only the data is
usable will form the regular data margin,
but the data is telling a story that's
consistent with what you are expecting in your head.
What you expect in your head is going to get translated to what you build into the model.